+++
title = "2A and Hope"
date = 2023-01-09
draft = false
+++

It's about 00:23 right now and I'm still awake. I was supposed to be asleep
about an hour ago. I think it's partially nerves and partially my desire to try
to finish a little bit more of what will probably be a decent text editor once
I'm done with it.

I don't have anything cool or technical to say here honestly. I'm treating this
post a little bit more like a journal than anything, so don't waste your time if
you're not interested in it.

Also, this is really not a well thought out post. This is more for me than you
and the odds that it reads like a brain dump rather than an essay seem to be
very much in favour.

I guess I'm feeling anxious. Last academic term didn't go as well as I hoped.
There were a lot of personal complications that I may choose to share in the
future. I think we all have to eventually get to a place where we at least feel
somewhat in control of what we're doing. I want to at least. I kind of had this
feeling in 1B that my life was running me and not the other way around. It was
plainly something that was unproductive and unhealthy for me.

I guess I'm really not sure what to do now. I've had a full year of university
under my belt and yet I don't feel like I really know what I'm doing.
Admittedly, I'm sure in some sense it comes down to lack of maturity and
discipline. I make no claim to be right in having this feeling or that it is
justified by my circumstances. I only mean to express that I do feel unsure of
specifically how to make myself the better version of who I can be.

A schedule is a big part of it I think? It's something I always avoid but maybe
this is the term that I can put more focus into it. I just have difficulty
staying on track with things. I drop them too early and I need to figure out how
to design systems to make it easier to stay with them. Hopefully a fast computer
and good cross platform workflow helps to start but ultimately I think
discipline is at stake.

I'm scared. I'm honestly pretty scared.

At the same time, I have hope. I'm not completely without any sort of hope for
this term and my experience in it. Maybe something good will come out of this
transformative part of my life.

The road certainly doesn't feel amazing once you're walking on it, but it looks
inspiring at the beginning and impressive at the end.

Good night - I'll write some more in 2A.

Aiden
